[Feat] Add icon argument to `vm.Button` (#1341)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20250813_150653_nadija_ratkusic_graca_add_icon_argument.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->

### Added

> - Add `icon` argument to `vm.Button`, allowing any icon from the [Google Material Icons library](https://fonts.google.com/icons) to be displayed inside the `vm.Button`. ([#1341](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1341))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `icon` argument to `vm.Button`, enabling any icon from the [Google Material Icons library](https://fonts.google.com/icons) to be displayed inside the `vm.Button`. This also enables circular buttons with only an icon. ([#1341](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1341))
```
